# packages in environment at /home/dario/mambaforge/envs/supra:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.8                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
attr                      2.5.1                h166bdaf_1    conda-forge
brotli                    1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py311hd4cff14_1005    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7f98852_4    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2023.5.7             hbcca054_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            h35add3b_1015    conda-forge
certifi                   2023.5.7           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.15.1          py311h409f033_3    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.0.7           py311ha3edf6b_0    conda-forge
cryptography              40.0.2          py311h9b4c7bb_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               h5008d03_3    conda-forge
expat                     2.5.0                hcb278e6_1    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.2               h14ed4e7_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.39.3          py311h2582759_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               hca18f0e_1    conda-forge
gettext                   0.21.1               h27087fc_0    conda-forge
glib                      2.76.2               hfc55251_0    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.76.2               hfc55251_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h58526e2_1001    conda-forge
gst-plugins-base          1.22.0               h4243ec0_2    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.22.0               h25f0c4b_2    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  6.0.0                h3ff4399_1    conda-forge
icu                       72.1                 hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.4           py311h4dd048b_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.20.1               h81ceb04_0    conda-forge
lame                      3.100             h166bdaf_1003    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.15                 haa2dc70_1    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 h41732ed_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           16_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
libcap                    2.67                 he9d0100_0    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           16_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libclang                  16.0.3          default_h83cc7fd_0    conda-forge
libclang13                16.0.3          default_hd781213_0    conda-forge
libcups                   2.3.3                h36d4200_3    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.18                 h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.10               h28343ad_4    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.5.0                hcb278e6_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libflac                   1.4.2                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 12.2.0              h65d4601_19    conda-forge
libgcrypt                 1.10.1               h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            12.2.0              h69a702a_19    conda-forge
libgfortran5              12.2.0              h337968e_19    conda-forge
libglib                   2.76.2               hebfc3b9_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   12.2.0              h65d4601_19    conda-forge
libgpg-error              1.46                 h620e276_0    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             2.1.5.1              h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           16_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm16                 16.0.3               hbf9e925_1    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.0                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libogg                    1.3.4                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.21          pthreads_h78a6416_3    conda-forge
libopus                   1.3.1                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.39               h753d276_0    conda-forge
libpq                     15.2                 hb675445_0    conda-forge
libsndfile                1.2.0                hb75c966_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.41.2               h2797004_1    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              12.2.0              h46fd767_19    conda-forge
libsystemd0               253                  h8c4010b_1    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.5.0                ha587672_6    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libvorbis                 1.3.7                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.3.0                h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              1.5.0                h79f4944_1    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.10.4               hfdac1af_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               h166bdaf_4    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.4                hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.7.1           py311h38be061_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.7.1           py311h8597a09_0    conda-forge
mpg123                    1.31.3               hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
mysql-common              8.0.32               hf1915f5_2    conda-forge
mysql-libs                8.0.32               hca2cd23_2    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.3                  h27087fc_1    conda-forge
nspr                      4.35                 h27087fc_0    conda-forge
nss                       3.89                 he45b914_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.24.3          py311h64a7726_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.0                hfec8fc6_2    conda-forge
openssl                   3.1.0                hd590300_3    conda-forge
packaging                 23.1               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.40                hc3806b6_0    conda-forge
pillow                    9.5.0           py311h573f0d3_0    conda-forge
pip                       23.1.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.40.0               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
platformdirs              3.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ply                       3.11                       py_1    conda-forge
pooch                     1.7.0              pyha770c72_3    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
pulseaudio-client         16.1                 h5195f5e_3    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 23.1.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.15.7          py311ha74522f_3    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 12.11.0         py311hcafe171_3    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
python                    3.11.3          h2755cc3_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.11                    3_cp311    conda-forge
qt-main                   5.15.8              h5c52f38_10    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
requests                  2.29.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.10.1          py311h8e6699e_1    conda-forge
setuptools                67.7.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sip                       6.7.9           py311hb755f60_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               h27826a3_0    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tomli                     2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.3             py311h2582759_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.5.0                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.5.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2023c                h71feb2d_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.15            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.40.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xcb-util                  0.4.0                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-image            0.4.0                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-keysyms          0.4.0                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-renderutil       0.3.9                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-wm               0.4.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
xkeyboard-config          2.38                 h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             hd9c2040_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.4                h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h0b41bf4_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h7f98852_1003    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h0b41bf4_1003    conda-forge
xorg-xf86vidmodeproto     2.3.1             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h7f98852_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               h166bdaf_4    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                h3eb15da_6    conda-forge
